So I guess you knew that.
Uh? New Wave.
UAE
I really want to play
but I told myself I wouldn't play until they added a character with Melania.
And I'm like the most I have is like slate.
So it's like in..ah!
alright
I have been following it. oh, her! okay yeah
Yes
Yes!
I like going around and collecting all the checkpoints before actually starting the class.
And I swear, some of them were so long, I was just holding W for 5 minutes straight.
I'm just sprinting for five minutes straight
yeah like i'll pull out mona to go faster...pull over
I saw you roll around the dunes.
I still think it's such a long hike.
I wanted to start R&R. I want to start R&Yaka.
and i'm like huh short side quest yeah i'll just do this real quick
Okay...Haa haa
Wait which one?
Is it the dueling one? Oh, it's true.
Oh God
Wait, wait, is that the one where you get the one sword?
I like that one. Now...I will...I'm going to be like those people and I'm going to say that.
They're nice. You should do them. Just do not use their mask.
Do not use the mask or else you lose it forever.
You get the recipe comes as a mask
And the mask is like a sentiment, mental gift from like..the character that dies at the end.
But if you use it, you lose the mask, just so you can get the recipe for that one sword.
Unless you really need that sword do not use the mask
It's literally just a recipe.
Ha...Haaa
Everybody laptop...ok
I already saw Genshin, get rid of Genshin
Haa,,,Haaa,,,,,Are you a Valorant addict too?
I played like one game ever and then gave up on it.
because I never wanted to commit like 45 minutes straight of my life to playing Valorant.
Why would Ryuzo and Chihiro cause each round is like 10 minutes and they can just hop off?
I'm still not level 10...why not?
No, I logged in like two days.
I logged in on Tuesday night because Jack Fu..asked me...told me to add him as a friend.
And I had to log off to do mock.
I added, I hopped on for like a second to add.
jack foo as a friend and then i just didn't hop on again because i had to make more
and then last night it crashed out the second I got home
No, I'm worse because I just tap on Twitter. I don't even play Rivals.
Then you all know..(***)
Unfortunately.
You already call it like zitter?
Aaaa....Elon Musk, stupid job.
Every time at the end of a speech, he'll jump and try to make the shape of an X.
And that's why he looks really stupid whenever he jumps yes
Must be crap...Yeah, he jumps and he's like does that
He just looks rude
I see random space (***) on Twitter, and I'm like, wow, that looks stupid as fuck. And school passed.
We weren't supposed to cuss, right?